# P2PFileTransfer
Informal description:
 A School Project consisting in an implementation of the peer to peer file transfer. This project is made by creating an client software and an server software. The server software recieves informations from clients of 2 types: either to put the availability of an file to download or request for a file to download from someone. The server stores the IP-s of the clients and ensure when 1 client wants to download a file from another one. Clients recieve information about the connection between them and one client becomes the server from whom other will download from.  
Formal description:
  The server opens a socket connection that will remain open for the rest of the app's life. When the client opens the app link he then connect to the server and can "upload" a file( not upload but more of telling the server the availability of the file to download).
  When a client connected to the server the server starts a separate thread to ensure the posibility of another connection. When a client "uploaded" a file the server creates an object that can be seen by everyone's connection with the server that contains the IP of the client, the path of the file and its name; after that the server generates a link that can be acceses by anyone and displays it to the client that "uploaded" the file. Everyone that has that link can download the file from this client. After the server stored this information the UClient (the client that uploaded) will start a connection inside a thread that means the connection opened for that file, as long as he is still in the app. Everybody that enters the link provided by the server will trigger another connection in another thread that will be created by the UClient to download the file; to wrap it all, a client can "upload" multiple file's at the same time and cand download multiple files at the same time from either the same UClient or different clients.
  
NOTE: This Project was created for an university task so it is made based on the usage of localhost.
